kjcbska 
Who is working for which organization? Who is representing the company?
List all moves in a Fools Mate game where black wins after 2 moves by both players?What did Kasparov say about his opponent first two moves in his commentary about his game against Topalov in 1999 Tournament in Wijk aan Zee ? Who played against Kasparov in the round 1994 Linares tournament? Did (s)he play as a white or black player?What is the first move taken by black player in the Sicilian Defence opening?
What resource has what climatic zone?
Which are the assumptions under which a certain thing is described?Which are the concepts involved in the description of a certain thing ? What is the interpretation of this case/event/observation ?
What object (person or organization or equipment etc.) is exposed to a hazard ? To which hazard is exposed an object (person or organization or equipment etc.)? Which hazardous events are associated with a hazardous situation? What is the cause of a hazardous event? What is the consequence of a hazardous event? What is the value of exposure of an object being exposed to a hazard?
What is the value for the attribute of that entity ? Which entities have a certain value on that parameter/attribute/feature ?
Which is the strength of an Affordance? Which tasks are afforded in a certain situation? How should an agent behave in a certain situation? Which are the parameters involved in certain task?
What are the requirements to complete an activity?Which places are involved in the activity?Can other planned activities/tasks be combined with this activity?Which chained activities are necessary to achieve this activity?Which activities are afforded by specific places?Where and when to acquire an activity-relevant object?
What are the main entities (units) that compose born digital archives? What is the hierarchy of units within a born digital archive?Who is the creator of an archive?
What concept is assigned to this entity? Which category does this entity belong to?
What is this object component of? What are the components of this object?
What is currently installed in a computer? What software or hardware is required so that some other software or hardware can operate properly? What software or hardware is compatible with other software or hardware?
Which are the constituents of this entity?What does this entity is constituent of?	
What does a digital video file consist of?What types of streams exist in a video file?What types of codecs exist? 
Where and when did the 1990 World Chess Championship Match take place?Who were involved in the 1990 World Chess Championship Match?
What are the possible most general supertypes for any type from the gene-related domain? What entity is part of another entity in the gene-related domain?
what type of fishing gear can catch what aquatic species?
what are the physical realizations of this information object?what information objects are realized by this physical object?
What is the meaning of an information object?What information objects express this meaning?What is this about?How can I call this?
What are the transactions involved in this invoice?What is the order this invoice is referring to?What is the line item for this invoice?What is the amount of the transactions involved in this invoice?What currency is applied to this invoice?
Is a certain flow a reference product? What is the location of an activity?
What are the items (elements) in this list?What is the length (size) of this list?What is the first/last item in this list?What resource does this list item contain?What it the next/previous item in the list?
What are the participants in that event at this time?What events had what participants in that location?
What aspects of an actual event were presented in the news message?Who reported an actual event? Which news provider they represented?When was a certain actual event reported for the first time?What actual events are presented in a certain medium/by media of a certain news provider?How was an actual event presented
what role does this object play?which objects do play that role?
Where is a certain thing located? What is located at this place?
What are the main entities associated with a policy?What are the main attributes of a policy?
In which order some agents has been involved in a situation?Who contributed to produce a particular reaction?Who contributed to some event?Who produceddirectly as well as indirectlya certain event?Who reacted to some event?
What roles are this task of?What tasks do have this role?
What is the cardinality (size) of this set?What are the elements in this set?
What elements are aggregated members of this object?What is this object aggregated member of?
what species have what (typical) bathymetric range in what water area? where can species be typical found for a certain water area?
Who is tagging (the content of) what? by using what term from what folksonomy?Which polarity has the tagging?
which task is executed through this action?what actions can done in order to execute that task?
When something participated in some event?At what time an event had some participant?
What is the topic of something?What topics are included in this one?What are the topics near to that one?
What states of some object are changed by what event during a transition?What is the process that is invariant through the transition?What transitions are occurring on what object at what time?
What resource has what vertical distribution?
what vessel types can catch what species?
Show the birds which stop at x and y? Show the birds which move at a ground speed of 0.4 m/sShow the trajectories of rivers which cross national parksWhere are the ports at which the oceanographic cruise A3221 stopped after leaving Woods Hole?List the places and times that represent the spatiotemporal extent of the 1990 World Chess Championship event?
What are the repetitive patterns in telecommunication network?
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
No CQ
Who were the participants in this event?  Which students attended the lecture? Who were the passengers on the cruise? 
What bag is this item an element of? What resource does this item refer to?  What are the items contained in this bag?
Where and when did the 1990 World Chess Championship Match take place?  Who were involved in the 1990 World Chess Championship Match?
What is the type of Event? Which type of apparatus is that 
The merchant is assigned what identifier in this historical databse? Where can this information be validated/obtained?
What is the name of the lecturer? 
Who were the participants in this event? Which students attended the lecture?  Who were the passengers on the cruise?
Who are the contributors to this Wikidata page? From which database is this entry taken? Which method was used to generate this chart and from which spreadsheet did the data originate? What provided this research result? 
How much does an elephant weigh in kilograms?  How long is Jupiter from the Sun, at its farthest, in furlongs? How long ago was the Mezazoic Era? 
What was the street named during the Great Depression? From what years was Al Gore Vice President? What is the unit of measurement was used to weigh the elephant? 
What is the first element of the list? What is the last element of the list? Is x a predecessor of y? 
Where was the Battle of Manassas? What path did the moose take to Canada? Where is the largest prairie in the United States? 
Show the trajectories which cross national parks. Show the trajectories of birds which are less than one year old. 
Which street is that?  What is the title of Alfred Tennyson?
Which dates did World War II span? What era was the ice age? 
What is the first step of the procedure? What was the cruise’s final stop? 
Determine the root. Determine all ancestors of a given node. Determine all leaves. Determine all descendants of a given node. Determine all descendants of a given node which are leaves. Given two nodes, determine whether one is a descendant of the other. given two nodes, determine all common ancestors.  Given two nodes, determine the latest common ancestor. Given two nodes x and y, determine the earliest ancestor of x which not an ancestor of y. 

 
